[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: All right.
Welcome to "Disclosure."
I'm your host, David
Wilcock, and I am here
with Dr. Pete Peterson,
continuing our investigation
into his stunning
work on what he has
called the informational field.
So, Pete, welcome
back to the show.
>>PETE PETERSON:
Thank you, David.
>>DAVID: We have been
talking about things that
involve radionics technology.
And we had specifically
been mentioning
these cameras that
could take photographs
of the interior
of someone's body,
but apparently
were using nothing
but what you called a witness,
some piece of their hair,
or a blood sample, or
something like that.
Now, obviously, there is some
component of that camera,
as you said in the last
episode, that is psychic.
For lack of a
better term, there's
a consciousness thing
going on with the person.
But is it also having to do
with the, as you would say,
information that is
stored in the witness?
Is that somehow related to this?
>>PETERSON: Witness doesn't
seem to store the information.
It seems to tune it or to
be able to go to wherever
that type of
information is stored
and gain that information.
And it has very little to
do with the mechanical part
of the camera.
There's no-- some of the cameras
had some wire coils in them.
Some of them didn't
have those at all.
They still both took
excellent photographs,
excellent pictures.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>PETERSON: A lot
of technology there
could have been used
in the video industry,
because everything
was in perfect focus.
Everything was in perfect color.
You could mentally ask it
to do different things.
And it would do those things.
It basically was a device
that dealt with information.
It dealt with input information.
It dealt with information
of the subject matter.
And it dealt with
the information
that you maybe even
subconsciously wanted it
to have or have access to.
>>DAVID: That's
certainly very different
than the conventional
view of things.
>>PETERSON: Exactly.
It was completely--
it's completely
different than typical
physics as we would use it
in electronics, mechanics.
It was very much different
from that and very much better.
And I know that I've
had reports of people
dealing with using
the information field
and contacting aliens
and getting information
from them that was just--
it wasn't even
possible to ask for.
Because we had nothing like
it in our physical universe.
It's an informational
component of the universe.
And its whole structure and the
way that it puts words together
is very different.
That's why the Russians are
so very good at science,
because science consists
of things that are real.
But things that
are real in science
don't necessarily have to be
real in the physical world.
It can be real in the
informational world.
There's a lot more
information there.
>>DAVID: I remember
reading about a guy who was
doing live blood cell analysis.
And he had come up
with the conclusion
that if someone had
a particular problem
with certain organs in the
body or things like this,
that there would actually be
particles in the blood that
would appear as
that organ and would
have the same type of
damage or distortion
that the organ had
visible on those.
Is that a possibility of
something that could happen?
>>PETERSON: That's
one of the dimensions
of the informational universe.
Things relate to
each other so much
that they happen on a
microscale, a macroscale
and a scale in between.
So many times you'll see
things in a photograph
that you would--
if you blew them down,
you would see them
in a microscope slide
of the subject matter.
So there are a lot of
things that replicate.
The information, for
example, of a video picture
you would take with
your cell phone--
it'll appear on your
little cell phone screen.
But like we watched
one that you made
last night that was on a very
large 5 or 6-foot format video
screen.
And we were seeing
the same thing,
but with a lot more clarity.
It's the mind that
sees, not the eye.
The eye is a very
crude mechanism.
And at a distance of 8 feet,
about the smallest thing
I can see would be
the light that-- it
was reflected through the lens
of the eye onto the macula.
And maybe a 3/4 inch in
diameter is closest thing
that you see at 8 feet.
Yet, I can look at 8 feet
to the wall over there.
And I can see a flea
crawling on the wall.
My mind would generate that.
My eye couldn't see that at all.
>>DAVID: So in this
experiment that I described
or this observation I described
in "Source Field," a father was
hypnotized that he would not
be able to see his daughter,
that he would not
hear her or see her.
And they brought
him out of hypnosis.
And his daughter was
literally standing right
in front of his
face and giggling.
And he was unaware
of her presence.
And then the hypnotist
took out a watch.
And he took it out of
his pocket and palmed it,
so nobody could see what he had.
And then he immediately pressed
it behind the girl's back
and asked the father to look at
his hand and see what he had.
And the father is staring
right through the little girl's
chest.
And he was able to accurately
see that it was a pocket watch,
and he was able to see the
inscriptions on the pocket
accurately.
>>PETERSON: Right.
And read the time.
>>DAVID: Yes.
>>PETERSON: I've seen
those experiments.
>>DAVID: So I'm interested to
hear any other stuff like that,
that you've heard.
And obviously, something
is going on here.
Because conventional science
would say those photons
from that watch could not pass
through that little girl's
body.
>>PETERSON: Well,
in the Hindu Vedas,
it says if you see anything
that's physical in nature,
it's an illusion.
And it turns out that we live
in a reciprocal universe.
A gentlemen by a
name of Dewey Larson
prompted a whole set
of physics about that.
It turns out that as
you take more and more
of the physicalness away
from what we call reality,
the more, and more, and more
you can learn and see about what
it is you're looking at.
>>DAVID: Interesting.
>>PETERSON: The world
is not as we think it.
And as we take away
information, we
see more and more clearly
in physical nature
with our eyes and our mind.
And the more we put into things,
the less, and less, and less
of physical nature there is.
The physical nature goes away.
The physical nature is
reality minus a lot.
And so as the human being or
spiritual being would evolve,
we would come to less and less
of a physicalness to nature.
And we would be able to
be many places at once,
see many things at once, see
great or infinite distances.
>>DAVID: Well, it's interesting.
Because I talk a lot about
the "Law of One" material
on my show.
I think that it's the most
accurate revealed teaching
or channeling that we've had.
And they express in there
that as you go higher up
in the universe,
that you go into more
what they call density.
So third density-- this
physical reality that we're in--
they're always saying that
it's actually much less dense,
including our physical body.
It's much less
dense with what they
would call intelligent energy.
And that as you go
higher in density,
the amount of intelligent
energy in a particular area
actually goes way up.
>>PETERSON: I call
it information.
The more information you get,
the less physically dense,
the more information there
is room and space for.
And there are mechanisms
in both the body
and in the mind that
bring that into being.
>>DAVID: Sure.
>>PETERSON: We don't--
we use very little.
And we always hear you use
very little of your brain.
Well, it's very little
of your physical body.
For example, you can count
the molecules in the body.
You can say, well, OK,
with these molecules,
if I were to form some
coding, that would indicate
the things I see or the things
that I can feel, or taste,
or touch, or whatever.
The less dense in information
those things become.
So in our mind, we have a saying
that, like I say, the eye--
about the the smallest thing
an eye can see at 8 feet
distance is about a
3/4 inch in diameter.
And yet, I can look over
there and count legs on an ant
at that distance, that I
couldn't even possibly see it.
There isn't a visual
mechanism I can see that.
But I have seen it up close.
The mind has recorded that.
I've seen what it
looks like close.
And then I've gotten back a
little, and back a little,
and back a little.
And pretty soon
I look over there
and see a dot on the wall, and
it crawls in a certain way.
My body says that's an ant.
And what I see in my
mind's eye is an ant.
But the funny thing of it
is, is that you can say--
you can dye stain an ant's eye.
And you can say, well,
what color is that eye?
I don't have a color
organ that could even
see a 1/2 inch in
diameter at that distance,
yet I can tell you
what color the eye is.
I'm perceiving with a
different mechanism.
And that mechanism is
adding into the mechanism
that we see with.
>>DAVID: So just
to break this down,
is there light coming
off of that watch
through the little
girl's body somehow?
Are there photons?
>>PETERSON: No, we're getting
something very different
from light.
>>DAVID: OK.
What does he seeing?
>>PETERSON: The information.
>>DAVID: How did
it get to his eyes?
>>PETERSON: It's there already.
It's everywhere and everywhen.
You can see it clear
across the universe.
>>DAVID: What are some of the
other experiments like that,
that you've heard of?
Because that's the
best one I found.
You mentioned that
there were some others.
>>PETERSON: Well,
There's been a lot
of work done since we started
researching remote viewing.
And there are things that can
be seen with remote viewing
that you couldn't possibly see
with the eye at all outside.
The eye has a certain range
of frequencies or oscillations
of light energy.
>>DAVID: Sure.
>>PETERSON: And we have a way
of separating and sorting those
out.
The mind does.
The eye has a small mechanism--
does a small job of that.
The rest of what sees does
a greater part of that.
And you can-- for
example, there have
been a lot of studies in
teaching people to see things.
One of the old knowledge
things-- and for example,
table tennis, or
tennis, or any sport
that's played where the object
is moving faster than the eye
can really see, yet
the eye sees it.
Fine.
So you see someone do
some magic thing in tennis
and say, oh, man, how in
the world did you do that?
And they start
thinking about it.
And as soon as they
start thinking about it,
they're not able
to do it anymore.
It happens faster than
the eye could see.
There have been a
lot of studies done
as to how long it takes for
something to be seen by the eye
and recognized.
Martial artists are
very well aware of this.
They have what they call chi.
They use what they call chi.
It's an information that
appears to parts of our spirit.
I don't say body, because
the body has pretty well
been mapped out.
We know the sizes of things.
We know the speed of things.
Information is transmitted
by electrical waves over--
or in a fluid media.
And it's very slow.
And yet, we see things faster.
Martial artists
can react to things
that they couldn't
possibly have seen.
They will strike
something that hasn't
yet even been put toward them.
>>DAVID: Well, I have
a personal example
of that, that was very strange.
I had been studying
martial arts for two years.
And a kid came up behind
me as we were walking out
from a tennis class in gym.
And he swung his racket.
He was going to
hit me in the back
of the knee with his tennis
racket at full velocity.
And I had my tennis
racquet in my hand.
And without any
conscious awareness
to my regular mind whatsoever,
I'm just walking along.
And all of a sudden,
my hand goes wham!
And I just slammed the
tennis racket down.
And I collided with his
racket, right as he's
going to take out my knee.
And he goes, my God,
how did you do that?
You didn't even see it.
Because he knew what
he was going to do.
So that was a personal
example of something that--
obviously, if you hear
these martial arts stories,
you have allegedly guys who
can be completely blindfolded
and still do perfectly
well in a sword fight.
>>PETERSON: Right.
There are a lot of
children in India
that, for example,
they'll blindfold them
with several layers of
impervious silk clothes
or things like that.
And then they'll
hand them a book.
And they'll read
out of the book.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>PETERSON: And
some of them will
take the book page by page,
and turn it backwards,
and read the book from behind.
So information is something.
And it's there very differently
than physical matter
is there, and can be
scrambled in form,
and then put back together.
It can be encrypted
and yet read.
And it will look to the
person who's doing it,
who knows nothing of the
encryption algorithm.
The information is still
there and it's intact.
>>DAVID: We have stories of
yogis who have their mouth,
and their ears, and their nose
completely sealed off with wax.
And then they submerge
underwater for like a week.
And then people bring their body
out, and they totally are fine.
So what do you think is
going on in a case like that?
>>PETERSON: Most times
it's fraud and stage
magic, which is not magic.
It's just doing things
in a manner that
are to you perceptible
as a different thing
than this happening.
Now, on the other hand,
I've seen things like that.
I've examined them.
I spent some times in India
and times in other places
where that type
of thing is done.
And there's no question
that these people
are able to sense information.
And all this evidence is
what got me looking for,
how does information
really affect
our universe and the
universe we're in,
rather than that that's visible
and available to our senses?
>>DAVID: It is kind of
unfortunate, isn't it,
that these guys that were doing
these feats were called fakers?
>>PETERSON: Fakirs.
Yes.
[LAUGHTER]
>>DAVID: Is there
any truth behind--
>>PETERSON: There was a great
difference between the word
fakir and faker.
However, they're very
similar in our language.
And it is very humorous.
>>DAVID: Is there any reality
behind some of the yogis who
would apparently--
pretended they were
snake charmers?
And they could get a rope
to come up out of a basket.
And the rope would
stand up straight,
and they could actually
sit on the rope
or balance on the rope.
>>PETERSON: You can see this
if you go on to YouTube.
There's a whole-- I'm trying
to think what they call it
besides street magic.
But there are a lot of people
who practice these things.
There's one fellow that
takes a little flower
and hangs it up with a rod
or something, up about 10
feet on a brick wall.
And then he rises
up and puts his hand
on the flower on the brick
wall and just sits there
with his legs crossed in
the yogi position and seems
totally suspended.
And there are a few places where
they've shown how that's done.
But there are things
that are done that way.
I've seen people
move through walls--
brick walls.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>PETERSON: And I've seen people
build a brick wall with a man
who has no idea that he's
there building a wall--
building a wall,
carrying a wall,
and then having
someone pass through--
pass a hand through the wall
or see things through the wall.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>PETERSON: And so like I
say, the world that we see
is merely a part of the
world that there is.
And the more we think we're
seeing it with our five senses,
the less of the world it is.
And the more it's the
world that we generated
in our mind to appear that way.
>>DAVID: What do you
think is stopping
most people from having a
greater access to this reality?
It seems like most people
have hardly any access
to this reality at all.
>>PETERSON: All of our
religions tell us that.
It's faith.
It's belief.
>>DAVID: So the belief
is really very important.
>>PETERSON: Belief
is all important.
The rest of it is as the
Hindi's scriptures tell you.
The rest of it is imagination.
>>DAVID: I also was very
fascinated by reading
Russian research
into cytokinesis
and specifically a woman
named Alla Vinogradova,
in which she was
getting something
to move with her mind.
And then they measured the
energetics of the object
that she was moving.
And they found wavelengths
that duplicated
her respiratory rate, her heart
rate, and her EKG patterns,
and her brainwave patterns.
They were actually-- there
was these fluctuations
of energy in the object
that she was moving,
which suggests what, exactly?
What do you think's happening?
>>PETERSON: Well, I
would suggest definitely
a connection.
And if there's a connection,
then the next thing
is, what's connected?
And then the next question
is, how does this work?
And there's been a lot
of work done on it.
A lot more in the Soviet
block area than over here,
though there are a number of
government agencies doing that.
And if you look at the
government agencies that
are using what we call
psychic phenomena,
almost every agency has people
that are there using that.
The way we hear
about remote viewing.
Who did remote viewing?
Well, the Navy was involved,
and the Army was involved,
and the CIA was
involved, and so forth.
And they got very
good results from it.
And then they wrote that they
got moderately poor results.
And then the
laboratories for that
was being done, or either
compromised, or taken down.
Programs moved on.
People became-- did that
same kind of work, but out
in civilian life.
But I can tell you that the
number of people doing it
in the government has
grown, and grown, and grown.
And something is very real.
That's all I should
say about it.
But if you have a skill
or a talent in that--
a natural skill or talent--
there are people
who are artists,
and there are people who aren't.
I can draw a
picture of anything.
And I've never seen anyone that
could recognize what it was.
[LAUGHTER]
Just no talent at all for that.
But there are things that
I do have a talent for.
And that's adding one and one
and getting two every time
or adding one and one and
getting 18 once in a while.
But it allows me to do things
that other people don't
have the ability to do.
And the more you
learn to trust in it,
the more you have faith--
you have in it and
faith in your ability
to do it, the better
you can do it.
And the more you learn.
And then the better
you can do it again.
And I think it's an area
that's hardly been scratched.
>>DAVID: Well, I was thinking
about as you're talking,
some of the studies that have
come out of the Institute
of HeartMath, where they
find people who are--
they don't know each other.
They're not interacting
with each other,
but they live in
adjacent apartments.
And they measure these people's
heart rate, and their breathing
rate, and their
brainwave activity.
And they find that there
is a synchronization
between those two people.
So that's along the lines
of what we've talked about.
But the other thing I thought
was really interesting--
and I did talk about
this in "Source Field"
is that whoever has the
more coherent pattern
of brainwave activity, heart
rate activity-- whoever
has the higher and healthier
pattern, that pattern seems
to be the one that spreads,
whereas a less coherent, a more
disjointed pattern
will be overcome
by a higher level of coherence.
So where do you think
this coherence factors in?
>>PETERSON: That's the word.
That's what you're
looking for in that area.
There are patterns
of information.
Now, one of those
patterns is a sound wave.
One of those patterns is a
picture or a photograph that's
illuminated coming toward you.
But there are many, many
others in different areas
that we haven't studied.
And there are areas in some
things that we've studied.
And it's been laughed at,
and put down, and passed
by for one reason or another.
There are a lot of them
that are especially known.
Because some of the states
that the mind gets in--
when you're a
religious person, some
of the states you're called
on to get into to have faith--
it says, what moves mountains?
Faith moves mountains.
And it moves you.
And it moves a lot
of other things.
So as a person
becomes religious,
sees these things actually
happening in their life.
Because they learn
techniques that
were taught within
the religion that
weren't taught
within the public.
And there are a
number of religions
that are known for this.
The Sufis, for example, and
certain movements and things
that they do that put
them into certain states.
I had some unique experiences
in my personal life,
because of the book my
parents chose to use and--
how do you raise a child?
Dr. Spock wrote a book in the--
I don't know-- '30s or '40s.
It was very popular
when I was a child.
And so he said, well, your
child should have good sleep.
And you should put him
to bed at a certain age.
You should go to
bed at 6 o'clock,
and 7 o'clock, 8 o'clock.
And I was bored.
My mind worked a
little differently,
I think because of a bump
I received on my eyebrow.
And I know my life
changed at that point.
And I got where I
could guess things
that we're going to happen.
I got where I could
understand things
that adults were talking about.
And my father was an engineer,
and he had engineer friends.
And I could understand what
they were talking about.
I didn't understand it
how they understood it,
but I didn't know
that until much later.
And I would tell him, well,
why don't you see this?
So it was something
I was seeing.
And we have different
ways of accessing.
We access a lot more with vision
than you would think we do,
a lot more with touch, and
feel, and emotion, and so forth.
So we have ways of dealing
in that and thinking in it.
We don't have words in
the English language that
talk about it.
>>DAVID: Well, I know
Dr. William Braud has
done some remarkable
scientific research-- very
thorough replicability
like you can't imagine,
which the key of science is
to replicate the experiment.
And one of the things he did is
the sense of being stared at.
We feel something.
Somebody is looking at us.
And then we turn and
sure enough, they are.
He was able to determine
that even if you stare
at someone intensely for a
short burst of time when there's
a hidden camera in the room, and
they're not aware that they're
being filmed, they may not
consciously show anything,
because you tell them
just sit in this room
and read a magazine.
They don't even realize
there's a camera there.
But their body shows
excitation, noticeable increases
in vital signs, across
the board at the times
that they're being stared at.
So there's something
going on in the body
that our conscious mind is
either vetoing or is completely
unaware of.
>>PETERSON: Again, I call
this informational fields.
It's information
that's taking place.
Information-- well,
the Hindi Vedas--
and I'll tell you.
If you can find something
physical in nature,
it's an illusion.
The reality is when
you have a sense of it,
but then you have a
sense of all of it
and all the information
that goes with it.
So it's an informational thing.
And it's a lot
like a radio wave.
We don't see a radio wave.
And parts of our
body-- there are
people who learn to
be-- who are taught
and learn to be sensitive to
a radio wave or a television
wave, where they can see it,
so to speak, with their skin.
So there's just a
lot of information
that we haven't needed to
protect ourself from animation.
It'll be bears, or lions,
or bad guys, or whatever.
But some people can sense those
things, and some people can't.
>>DAVID: We at this
network ended up
acquiring footage from
Gail Thackray, who
had filmed some remarkable
faith healing work.
Some of it was John of God.
There were some others.
Some of these faith healers
that she actually filmed
have like a radial saw.
And they literally saw
open a person's chest
without anesthetic.
And they perform
a heart operation
while the person
is fully conscious.
So this goes way beyond
the idea of somebody
palming a little piece
of guts in his hand
and pretending that he's
pulling something out of you.
>>PETERSON: Very much so.
I spent some time
in the Philippines.
>>DAVID: Oh, you did?
>>PETERSON: I spent
some time in Brazil.
You know Vern Woolf.
And he was favored down there.
John of God felt him from
miles and called his people
to bring him to him--
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>PETERSON: --and
said this is the man
we've been waiting for,
for certain things.
And there were things that
couldn't have happened
without the knowledge,
that various people had
various knowledge,
that they didn't get it
from reading something, or
hearing something, or seeing
with their eyes something.
>>DAVID: One of the
things that Dr. Don Elkins
states in the introduction
to the "Law of One"
series in book one
of "Law of One"
is that he witnessed
a faith healer working
on someone, where
his two fingers were
acting as some sort of scalpel.
And he got a little careless.
And his fingers swept
and touched someone's arm
who he was not operating on.
And literally, he watched--
Don Elkins watched the
flesh part on this person
as if an invisible scalpel
had cut their arm open.
And then the guy
just said, oh, sorry,
and just did this and
closed it back up,
just like nothing had happened.
Did you see anything like--
>>PETERSON: I've seen
many things like that.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>PETERSON: There was a lady
that probably still brings
healers over in
Central California
from the Philippines.
And I've watched people
go through a CAT scan
or an MRI go in there.
I've seen tissue removed.
And then I've seen them go back
and have-- right after that,
drive back over into
Nevada where they
had a CAT scan done or an MRI.
And the tissue was
no longer there.
And then I've seen the
tissue examined from this.
And then, yes, it was
the DNA of the person
that the tissue came from.
And it was malignant cancer.
>>DAVID: Now, we
have these curanderos
where it appears that they
are taking bad spirits out
of a person's body and then
putting them into an egg.
And then you crack the egg,
and it's all disgusting inside.
Clearly, there's got to be a
way that this could be fraud,
where maybe they're
popping a hole in the egg,
or they're putting poison
in it or something.
But are there cases where
that could actually be--
>>PETERSON: Many-- very much
more definitive cases than that
where a lot of the errors
that could have crept in--
a lot of people like Penn
and Teller looking at it.
Similar people looking
at it and seeing if they
could see sleight of hand.
And many of the various things
that are mute and fraud.
And there are people
that do tricks and magic
tricks on the internet,
especially on YouTube.
And you'll see
them doing things,
and it later is explained by
Penn and Teller or by others.
Many times it
can't be explained.
There are programs
that I've been involved
in that people that could do--
what is called warm forming.
They take a fork, for example--
hold it like this
and have it just
roll up like a tape measure,
or have it selectively--
the tines roll
opposite directions,
or take it with a finger
and just barely touch it,
and wind it up, or
twist it up into things
that you couldn't
do mechanically
without breaking--
without tearing the metal,
crystalizing the metal,
breaking the metal.
And yet, you could
do these things.
>>DAVID: Well, I'm also
thinking about Paul Dong who
wrote the book "China's
Super Psychics" in which he
was describing kids in
China who, for example,
there was a little
girl who could
wave her hand over a whole
bush of flowers that had not
blossomed.
And the flowers would
all spontaneously bloom.
So these clearly do appear
to be real abilities
that some people have.
But you believe that it's the
power of our consciousness,
our belief systems that
actually will restrict us
from being able to do this?
Because we talked about the
spoon bending stuff before.
>>PETERSON: A lot of
kids have no problem
doing many of these things.
And as they grow older,
they have problems,
because they're taught that
you can't do those things.
Remember, the main
thing is belief.
And if you go back and look
at all religious texts,
belief is mentioned everywhere.
Belief is the power
behind the secret.
The belief is the thing
that allows it to happen,
makes it take place, or
allows it to take place.
>>DAVID: Well, this gets
into some other stuff
that I think is really
interesting, too.
And that is the
idea of black magic
and the idea of
stealing people's energy
and feeding on people's energy.
This gets into like
the Cabal and things
like this, where I've seen
some pretty compelling
scientific experiments to
suggest that energy can
be taken from living things.
And we could talk about
that a little later,
and that it will actually
restrict their health.
It will decrease their health.
So is it possible that there
are forces in the universe that
are preying on this
energy, that are wanting
to use this energy for their own
enrichment in a negative way?
>>PETERSON: I've read created
quite a few things about that.
Those aren't things
that I've investigated,
because I've tried to stay
with things that I could easily
go to the store,
buy simple parts,
build equipment that would
demonstrate the things that I
was involved in.
And I built a
medical system based
around an instrument like that.
And I didn't invent
the instrument,
but I found out how it
worked, because the people who
invented it didn't have words.
They stumbled onto it.
Their belief allowed them to do
it, because they saw it happen.
And then I took--
from that I took, well,
how does this happen?
And why does it happen?
How can we control it?
And can we take a
positive control of it?
Because everything
that has information--
almost all information
you find out
has a positive aspect
and a negative aspect.
That makes a great
healing system,
makes a great weapon system.
How do we keep the
weapons thing out of it?
How do we keep the natural
human feelings out of it?
And so I studied with two
people and-- or studied
four different people
that built equipment
that would operate independently
of a human operator
other than themselves.
If they imbued that into the
instrument, then it would work.
And many of these instruments
will work for a period of time.
And then it'll
require the person
who had the initial
thought form, belief form--
it will require a
little input from them.
And in Hindi, fakirism
rather than magic.
And Magic is basically
sleight of hand and bologna.
And fakirism is
actually causing things
to take place that so far
in our scientific knowledge
are totally impossible
that have happened.
And so that's talked
about with those people.
One of the things that's talked
about is called Shaktipat.
And we've had a number
of Hindi people come
to this country that
could cause things
to happen with Shaktipat.
They could touch
you from behind.
No speech.
Nothing.
No written words or
things like that.
They could touch
you, and knowledge
would come to your mind.
And you would have absolute
knowledge of things.
It's very different from
anything that you've had.
Over a period of time
that tends to die out.
Now, if you were to study some
of the things they've studied--
study techniques, yoga
techniques, for example.
And tai chi techniques,
other techniques in oriental
or foreign to us methods
of belief and study.
Just learning to
see things enough
that you could take on
a new belief system.
Maybe not know how it worked,
but see that it happens.
Then for you, it
happens as well.
And then if you practice that
a lot, it tends to go away.
You tend to lose that knowledge.
>>DAVID: Well, this is really
fascinating stuff, Pete.
And I know that
you've been involved
in some very classified
stuff that you're not
authorized to talk about.
But I think that even what
you can talk about here-- just
the breadth of
your experience has
been very, very fascinating.
So I want to thank you.
>>PETERSON: Well, you're
welcome very much.
And there's lots of information
on the internet people
can go to.
>>DAVID: All right I'm
your host, David Wilcock,
here with Dr. Pete Peterson.
I hope you've enjoyed
this as much as I have.
And we'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]